Added Example B.9 (#109)
oauth-wg/oauth-cross-device-security: draft-ietf-oauth-cross-device-security.md

### Example A8: Access a Productivity Application (User-Transferred Authorization Data Pattern)
A user is accessing a Computer Aid Design (CAD) application. When accessing the application, authorization data in the form of a 6 digit authorization code is sent to the user's mobile phone. The user views the 6 digit authorization code on their phone and enters it in the CAD application, after which the CAD application displays the user's most recent designs.

### Example A9: Administer a system (Backchannel-Transferred Session Pattern)

> A network administrator is accessing a adminstration portal used to configure network assets and deploy new applications. When accessing the service, the network administrator receives a notification in an app on their mobile device, requesting them to confirm access to the portal. The network administrator approves the request on their mobile phone and is granted access to the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A network administrator wants to access an adminstration portal used to configure network assets and deploy new applications. When attempting to access the service, the network administrator receives a notification in an app on their mobile device, requesting them to confirm access to the portal. The network administrator approves the request on their mobile phone and is granted access to the portal.
```

### Example B8: Account Takeover (User-Transferred Session Data Pattern)
An attacker wants to use some website which requires presentation of a verifiable credential for authentication. The attacker creates a phishing website which will in real time capture log-in QR Codes from the original website and present these to the user. The attacker tries to get the user to use the phishing website using an e-mail campaign etc. The user scans the QR code on the phishing website, invokes their digital wallet and presents their credentials. Once the credentials are presented, the original session from the attackers device is authorized with the user's credentials.

### Example B9: Illicit Access to Administration Capabilities Through Consent Request Overload (Backchannel-Transferred Session Pattern)

> An attacker attempts to access an adminstration portal repeatedly, generating a stream of authroization requests to the network administrator. The attempts are timed to occur while the administrator is asleep. The administrator is woken by the incoming requests on their phone, and in an attempt to stop the notifications they accidentally approve access and the attacker gains access to the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An attacker attempts to access an adminstration portal repeatedly, generating a stream of authorization requests to the network administrator. The attempts are timed to occur while the administrator is asleep. The administrator is woken by the incoming requests on their phone, and, in an attempt to stop the notifications, they accidentally approve access and the attacker gains access to the portal.
```
